Add release notes (#171)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: topics/release-notes.md

* Improve logging when a cluster is unable to failover. ([#780])
* Add epoch information to failover auth denied logs. ([#816])
* Improve messaging when valkey-cli cluster --fix meet check failed. ([#867])
* Log unexpected $ENDOFF responses in dual channel replication. ([#839])
* Skip IPv6 tests when it is unsupported on TCLSH. ([#910])
* Add a light weight version of DEBUG OBJECT. ([#881])
* Add lfu support for DEBUG OBJECT command, added lfu_freq and
  lfu_access_time_minutes fields. ([#479])

#### <a name="800-rc2-bug-fixes"></a>Bug fixes

* Correctly expose client infomation in the slowlog when running commands in scripts. ([#805])
* Fix a bug where lastbgsave_status was unecessarily being updated when dual
  channel replication failed. ([#811])
* Fix a bug which caused dual channel replication to get stuck because of a TLS
  issue. ([#837])
* Fix a bug which caused bouncing `-REDIRECT` messages during a FAILOVER ([#871])
* Avoid re-establishing replication to a node that is already the primary in `CLUSTER REPLICATE`. ([#884])
* Fix `CLUSTER SETSLOT` with `BLOCK` to only wait for replicas that are online. ([#879])

> * Fix `valkey-cli` to make source node ignores NOREPLICAS when doing the last CLUSTER SETSLOT ([#928])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix `valkey-cli` to make source node ignore NOREPLICAS when doing the last CLUSTER SETSLOT ([#928])
```

* Exclude '.' and ':' from `isValidAuxChar`'s banned charset to better support
  IPV6 addresses. ([#963])
* Better handle `-REDIRECT` messages in the MULTI context. ([#895])

#### <a id="800-rc2-performance"></a>Performance

* Improve multithreaded performance with memory prefetching. ([#861])
* Optimize ZUNION[STORE] command by removing unnecessary accumulator dict. ([#829])
* Optimize linear search of WAIT and WAITAOF when unblocking the client. ([#787])
* Move prepareClientToWrite out of loop for lrange command to remove redundant calls. ([#860])
* Optimize various commands by using sdsAllocSize instead of sdsZmallocSize. ([#923])
* Using intrinsics to optimize counting HyperLogLog trailing bits. ([#846])
* Free client's MULTI state when it becomes dirty to reduce memory usage. ([#961])
* Optimize the fast path of SET if the expiration time has already expired. ([#865])

#### <a id="800-rc2-compatibility-improvements"></a>Compatibility Improvements

> * Add 4 sentinel command `GET-PRIMARY-ADDR-BY-NAME`, `PRIMARY`, `PRIMARIES`, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add 4 Sentinel command `GET-PRIMARY-ADDR-BY-NAME`, `PRIMARY`, `PRIMARIES`, and
```

* Add metrics for client buffer limit disconnections to `INFO`. (Redis#12476)
* Add metrics for monitoring clients using `WATCH` command and watched keys.
  (Redis#12966)
* Added allocator muzzy memory metrics to `INFO MEMORY` and `MEMORY STATS`.
  (Redis#12996)

#### <a id="800-rc1-new-features-core"></a>New Features - Core

* Support replica redirect for read/write operations to primary in standalone
  mode. ([#325])
* Add server config for cluster blacklist TTL. ([#738])
* Add availability zone server config. ([#700])

#### <a id="800-rc1-new-features-cluster"></a>New Features - Cluster

* Support IPv4 and IPv6 dual stack and client-specific IPs in clusters. ([#736])
* Support `BY/GET` options for `SORT/SORT_RO` in cluster mode when pattern
  implies a single slot. (Redis#12728)

#### <a id="800-rc1-compatibility-improvements-core"></a>Compatibility Improvements - Core

* Derive RDB and module child process names based on server start name for
  compatibility. ([#454])
* Update server identity in `serverPanic` output based on `extended-redis-compatibility`
  config. ([#415])

#### <a id="800-rc1-compatibility-improvements-sentinel"></a>Compatibility Improvements - Sentinel

> * Accept `redis-sentinel` to start Valkey in sentinel mode. ([#731])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Accept `redis-sentinel` to start Valkey in Sentinel mode. ([#731])
```

* Add lightweight cluster message header for Pub/Sub messages. ([#654])
* Minor performance improvement in Valkey cluster by avoid initializing key
  buffer in `getKeysResult`. ([#631])
* Cache `CLUSTER SLOTS` response to improve throughput and reduce latency. ([#53])
* Replace slots_to_channels radix tree with slot-specific dictionaries for
  shard channels. (Redis#12804)
* Optimize `KEYS` command when pattern includes hashtag and implies a single
  slot. (Redis#12754)
* Optimize `SCAN` command with `MATCH` when pattern implies a single slot.
  (Redis#12536)
* Replace cluster metadata with slot specific dictionaries to reduce memory
  usage when using Valkey cluster. (Redis#11695, Redis#12704)

#### <a id="800-rc1-reliability-improvements-core"></a>Reliability Improvements - Core

* Limit tracking custom errors (e.g. from Lua) while allowing normal errors
  to be tracked ([#500], Redis#13141)
* Manage maximum number of new connections per cycle to prevent connection
  storms. (Redis#12178)

#### <a id="800-rc1-reliability-improvements-cluster"></a>Reliability Improvements - Cluster

> * Reduce fail-over time in Valkey cluster when multiple sequential fail-overs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reduce failover time in Valkey cluster when multiple sequential fail-overs
```

Reviewer: The sentence seems incomplete. Can we amend it a bit? when multiple sequential failovers -> during multiple sequential failovers?

* Wake blocked clients ASAP in next `beforeSleep` for `WAITAOF`. (Redis#12627)
* Fix crash in crash-report and improve thread management with RW locks.
  (Redis#12623)

#### <a id="800-rc1-bug-fixes-cluster"></a>Bug Fixes - Cluster

* Fix a bug where a shard returns the incorrect slot slot information in
  `CLUSTER SHARDS` command on primary failure. ([#790])
* Allow module authentication to succeed when the cluster is down. ([#693])
* Fix `PONG` message processing for primary-ship tracking during fail-overs.
  (Redis#13055)
* Prevent double freeing of cluster link with `DEBUG CLUSTERLINK KILL`.
  (Redis#12930)
* Unsubscribe all clients from replica for shard channel if the primary
  ownership changes. (Redis#12577)

#### <a id="800-rc1-bug-fixes-tooling"></a>Bug Fixes - Tooling

* Fix `valkey-check-aof` misidentifying data in manifest format as MP-AOF.
  (Redis#12958)
* Fix `valkey-cli` to respect the `--count` option without requiring
  `--pattern`. (Redis#13092)
* Fix `valkey-benchmark` to distribute operations across all slots owned by
  a node in cluster mode. (Redis#12986)

#### <a id="800-rc1-internal-codebase-improvements"></a>Internal Codebase Improvements

> * Enable debug asserts for cluster and sentinel tests. ([#588])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable debug asserts for cluster and Sentinel tests. ([#588])
```

* Fix the data type conversion error in zrangeResultBeginStore (Redis#13148)
* Fix a crash caused by quicklist node merges (Redis#13040)
* Fix crashes in module blocking client timeout cases (Redis#13011)
* Fix conversion of numbers in Lua args to Redis args
  (Redis#13115, Fixes Redis#13113)
* Fix crash in LSET command when replacing small list items with larger ones,
  creating listpacks larger than 4GB (Redis#12955, Fixes Redis#12864)
* Fix blocking command timeout reset issue during reprocessing (Redis#13004)

#### <a id="726-ga-bug-fixes-cluster"></a>Bug fixes - Cluster

* Fix the CLUSTER SHARDS command to display accurate slot information even
  if a primary node fails ([#790], Fixes [Issue #784])
* Fix an issue where module authentication failed when the cluster was down
  ([#693], Fixes [Issue #619])
* Ensure only primary nodes with slots can mark another node as failed ([#634])
* Improve MEET command reliability under link failures to maintain cluster
  membership symmetry ([#461])
* Allow single primary node to mark potentially failed replica as FAIL in
  single-shard cluster (Redis#12824)

#### <a id="726-ga-bug-fixes-sentinel"></a>Bug fixes - Sentinel

> * Accept redis-sentinel to start Valkey in sentinel mode ([#731], Fixes [Issue #719])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Accept redis-sentinel to start Valkey in Sentinel mode ([#731], Fixes [Issue #719])
```

  with valkey.io. ([#320])

### <a id="725-rc1-valkey-released-fri-12-apr-2024"></a>Valkey 7.2.5 RC1 - Released Fri 12 Apr 2024

Upgrade urgency **LOW**.

Second release candidate for Valkey with API compatibility
for OSS Redis 7.2.4. Moving to a release candidate on 7.2.5, to make it clearer
this is a patch iteration as opposed to an exact copy of OSS Redis. Also includes
fixes to minor bugs present in 7.2.4 RC1 and more compatibility changes.

#### <a id="725-rc1-changes-to-support-valkey-branding"></a>Changes to support Valkey branding

* Update README to remove Redis references.
* Update valkey-server and valkey-cli help info to show only Valkey ([#222])
* Add compatibility for lua debugger to use 'server' instead of redis. ([#303])

#### <a id="725-rc1-bug-fixes"></a>Bug fixes

* Fix module event name to maintain Redis compatibility. ([#289])
* Fix issue where Redis symlinks were created with the wrong name. ([#282])

### <a id="724-rc1-valkey-released-tue-09-apr-2024"></a>Valkey 7.2.4 RC1 - Released Tue 09 Apr 2024

Upgrade urgency **LOW**.

Initial release of Valkey with API compatibility for OSS

> Redis 7.2.4. This release is based off of OSS Redis 7.2.4, with additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis 7.2.4. This release is based on OSS Redis 7.2.4, with additional
```
